<p align='center'>
<strong>Terms of Services</strong>
</p>

These terms and conditions govern your use of the SportsVision app (the
"App"). By downloading, accessing or using the App, you agree to be
bound by these terms and conditions. If you do not agree to these terms
and conditions, you should not use the App. 

**Accuracy of Results**

The SportsVision App uses artificial intelligence technology to generate
results. While we strive to provide the most accurate results possible,
we cannot guarantee the accuracy or completeness of the results. You
understand and acknowledge that the results provided by the App may be
incomplete or inaccurate, and you agree that SportsVision shall not be
liable for any reliance placed on such results.

**Use of Results**

The results provided by the SportsVision App are for informational
purposes only and should not be used as a substitute for professional
advice or judgment. You acknowledge that you are solely responsible for
the use of the results and any decisions made based on such results. 

**Privacy Policy**

SportsVision respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your
personal data. Our Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use,
disclose, and protect your personal data when you use the App. By using
the App, you consent to our collection and use of your personal data as
described in our Privacy Policy. 

**Ownership and Intellectual Property**

The SportsVision App and its entire contents, features, and
functionality (including but not limited to all information, software,
text, displays, images, video, and audio, and the design, selection, and
arrangement thereof) are owned by SportsVision or its licensors and are
protected by United States and international copyright, trademark,
patent, trade secret, and other intellectual property or proprietary
rights laws. 

**Prohibited Activities**

You agree not to use the App for any unlawful or prohibited purpose,
including but not limited to: 

-   Use the App in any way that violates any applicable federal, state,
    local, or international law or regulation. 

-   Use the App to transmit any spam, malware, viruses, or other harmful
    code. 

-   Attempt to gain unauthorized access to any portion or feature of the
    App, or any other systems or networks connected to the App, or to
    any SportsVision server, or to any of the services offered on or
    through the App, by hacking, password \"mining,\" or any other
    illegitimate means. 

-   Use any robot, spider, crawler, scraper, or other automated means to
    access the App or any of its systems, data or information. 

-   Modify, adapt, translate, reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble
    any portion of the App. 

**Disclaimer of Warranties**

The App is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis, without any
warranties of any kind, express or implied. SportsVision disclaims all
warranties, including but not limited to the warranties of
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement.
SportsVision makes no warranty that the App will meet your requirements
or be available on an uninterrupted, secure, or error-free basis. Any
use of the App is at your own risk. 

**Limitation of Liability**

In no event shall SportsVision or its affiliates, officers, directors,
employees, agents, or licensors be liable for any direct, indirect,
incidental, special, or consequential damages arising out of or in any
way related to the use or inability to use the App, whether based on
contract, tort, strict liability, or any other legal theory, even if
SportsVision has been advised of the possibility of such damages. 

**Governing Law and Jurisdiction**

These Terms and Conditions and any dispute or claim arising out of or in
connection with them or their subject matter (including non-contractual
disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of the jurisdiction in which SportsVision is
incorporated. 

Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating to these
Terms and Conditions or the breach, termination or invalidity thereof
shall be settled by arbitration in accordance with the rules of the
jurisdiction in which SportsVision is incorporated. The number of
arbitrators shall be one. The language to be used in the arbitral
proceedings shall be English. The arbitral award shall be final and
binding upon the parties. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, SportsVision shall have the right to seek
injunctive or other equitable relief in any court of competent
jurisdiction to prevent or enjoin the infringement or violation of its
intellectual property rights or the misuse of the SportsVision app. Any
such action may be brought in the courts of the jurisdiction in which
SportsVision is incorporated or any other jurisdiction where the
infringement or violation occurred. 

**Miscellaneous**

These Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement between you
and SportsVision regarding the use of the SportsVision app and supersede
all prior agreements and understandings, whether written or oral,
relating to the subject matter hereof. 

If any provision of these Terms and Conditions is found to be invalid or
unenforceable, the remainder of these Terms and Conditions shall remain
in full force and effect. 

No waiver of any term of these Terms and Conditions shall be deemed a
further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and
SportsVision's failure to assert any right or provision under these
Terms and Conditions shall not constitute a waiver of such right or
provision. 

SportsVision may assign its rights and obligations under these Terms and
Conditions, in whole or in part, without notice or consent. You may not
assign or transfer these Terms and Conditions or your rights and
obligations hereunder, in whole or in part, without the prior written
consent of SportsVision. 

**Changes to This Terms and Conditions**

We may update our Terms and Conditions from time to time. Thus, you are
advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify
you of any changes by posting the new Terms and Conditions on this page.
These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this
page. 

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Terms and Conditions,
do not hesitate to contact us at
contact@vizworld.ai.

 
